Title: Legal notice

----

Text: 

## Disclaimer

TL;DR: please contact me if you find anything suspicious, offending, illegal or otherwise concerning on this website.

The content of this site was created with lots of love and care. However, I cannot guarantee that the content is accurate, complete or up-to-date. As a service provider, pursuant to ยง7 Abs. 1 TMG I am responsible under German law for my own content on this website. According to sections 8 to 10 of the TMG, I am not required to monitor information transferred or stored by third parties or to investigate circumstances that suggest illegal activity. Obligations concerning the removal or barring of the use of information in accordance with legal regulations are unaffected by this. Any liability in this respect may however only be incurred from the moment that I become aware of a specific breach of the law. Should I become aware of any corresponding violation of the law I will remove the content concerned.

This site contains links to third-party websites, over whose content I have no influence. I link to other webpages, because that's what the web is about, but I cannot assume any responsibility for this external content. All linked sites were checked for potential violations of the law at the time of placing the link. No unlawful contents were apparent at the time each link was created. However, I cannot be reasonably expected to permanently check the content of the linked sites without any specific indication of a violation of the law. Should I become aware of any legal violation, I will remove the offending links.

Should you have reason to believe that a copyright violation has occurred on this website, I kindly request that you inform me of this. Should I become aware of any legal violation, I will remove the offending content.

I would like to point out that online data transmission (such as when communicating via email) may be subject to security breaches. It is not possible to ensure full protection of data against access by third parties.

I hereby expressly object to the third-party use of contact data, which has been published in accordance with the requirement in Germany to provide such information, for the transmission of not expressly solicited advertising and information material. I expressly reserve the right to take legal steps in the case of the unsolicited sending of advertising material, such as via spam emails. Not that this would help, but hey!

## Cookies

This website uses cookies. These are small text files stored in your computer's main memory. These cookies are deleted after you close the browser. Other cookies remain on your computer (long-term cookies) and permit its recognition on your next visit. You can prevent storage of cookies in your browser settings if you want to.

## Web statistics

This website uses Piwik, a web analytics open-source software. Piwik uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address anonymized prior to its storage) will be stored on the server of the service provider in Germany. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

----

Sidebar: 

VATID: DE282237479  
Finanzamt Leipzig I
Place of Jurisdiction: Leipzig

### Layout & Design

Thanks to Marcel Theinert from [HawaiiF3](http://hawaiif3.de)
